---
author: ntwinder@gmail.com
comments: true
date: 2015-09-26 17:29:40+00:00
layout: post
link: http://www.nfxcycle.com/?p=264
slug: 25092015-porvoo-to-helsinki
title: 25/09/2015 Porvoo to Helsinki
wordpress_id: 264
categories:
- Tour logs
---

This morning I had a quick look Porvoo with the 2 other cyclist that turned up at the WS host last night. Sadly they were heading the other way, but I can say I cycled for around 800m with other cyclist. The town had some all the really old wooden houses still intact, these lined the narrow cobbled streets making a very quaint little setting. This is also the first time I can say, sorry I have no photos. 

The ride wasn't far today, well it wasn't far to Helsinki but I ended up roaming round Helsinki to make it a longer day again. 
It was a fair bit of a shock to get into a big city again, as it always is when you have been so used to your own road. Lots of cars people and cyclist! It's a totally different way if riding. You can't hang around and take in the views, because you'd be holding up the cycling traffic. You have the Lycra louts passing you on there expensive bikes, bug even the OAPs are going fast enough that I would be better off drafting them. 

I headed out to the airbnb place, which is maybe a little further out than I would have wanted. It's a typical little Finnish flat, so a little cramped, let's call it cosy. There's a bed! That's all that matters. 

Next on the list was to head out to meet Ashley from the plane. Currently its delayed, surprise, surprise. I may try and sneak in a little sleep in a corner somewhere.

[sgpx gpx="/gpxFiles/2015-09-25_08-43-00.gpx"]
