---
author: ntwinder@gmail.com
comments: true
date: 2015-09-20 07:33:48+00:00
layout: post
link: http://www.nfxcycle.com/?p=203
slug: 17092015-taulu-to-lahti
title: 17/09/2015 Taulu to Lahti
wordpress_id: 203
categories:
- Tour logs
---

Today's mission was to get to Lahti early so I could have a bit of rest before seeing my friend. I set out fairly early and took the west route into Lahti. I think the road I took should be marked as a cycle route. It was great. Rolling ups and downs and quiet small roads, what more could you want. 

As I took the west route I first arrived at the local ski slope. Which was pretty small, but its much better than what us Brits have. Anyway, there was a campsite at the bottom of the slope so I decided to try there first. I had a quick look round but then found the price was €22!!!! Just for me and my small tent. I know its been expensive to camp but that's just getting silly. So I decided to ride round to a site at the other side of town. 

Now I did a bit of reaearch here, I had a quick look on Google. The latest review, which was 2 weeks ago gave a pretty bad review. Complaining that none of the facilities were in use. So I wasn't expecting much but I kept my fingers crossed. 15 or so km later I ended up at mukkula campsite. With no one around, no reception and a couple of guys tucked away in a corner attempting to fix a van. I went to see if the toilets or showers were open, but no nothing at all. There was a number to call when the office was closed, but I refuse to pay for that campsite. It just seemed all wrong and super dodgy. 

So I had a problem, I didn't want to go to any of the campsites, and definitely can't be bothered to cycle back to the other. I had a look at hostels, they were also a bit pricey, but at least your paying for a roof over your head. I got there just in time, as she was just about to knock off for lunch. I found out that it's not a hostel as we know it, it was individual rooms, so the price made sense and at this point I wasn't willing to keep looking. 

I went for a shower, which took ages because the ink from my socks had run into my skin. Which is pretty disgusting, but it had been really wet. I even managed to get my clothes washed and hung up, so the hostel was good for that. 

I went to meet my friend from her work and we headed straight to the bar. A first for me in Finland! Really good catching up with her and experiencing Lahti on a Thursday night. Well I say night, i got far too tired just after 9 and has to call it a night. :) party animal.
[sgpx gpx="/gpxFiles/2015-09-17_08-43-54.gpx"]
