---
author: ntwinder@gmail.com
comments: true
date: 2015-09-01 18:28:05+00:00
layout: post
link: http://www.nfxcycle.com/?p=110
slug: pack-list
title: Pack list
wordpress_id: 110
categories:
- info
---

So this is where I talk about my pack list. Some of which I'm sure will change and maybe even a few additions maybe made. Feel free to look around and ask questions, I'll try and amend the post with more useful information.

_Bike_
I'll start with the one thing thats not pictured. My bike is a 2012 gensis cdf, which is a great starter for a tourer if you like the road bike position. But I have made a fair fewÂ  modifications since buying it.Â 
Gears, the genesis came with a double front chain ring and a 11-25 rear cassette, which is no where near enough for the bike and even worse when more weight is added. So I decided to change that out for a 12-36 with a long cage rear mech. I would say this is just enough, but I would struggle in the Alps. I did think about a triple, but the cost of changing the cassette was far cheaper.Â 
Dynamo, I went down to the local bike shop and asked them to build me a wheel with a dynamo in it, this was OK but you need a way to convert the 6v 3W into something useful. I chose the supernova (also known as tout terrain) 'the plug'. The ratings show it provides fairly steady USB standard , even at lower speeds. And with the fully integrated USB port on the top of the stem it makes the setup super clean. Word of warning though, power hungry products do not work well with it. The circuitry/dyanmo cannot provide anywhere near enough power.Â After using the dyanmo/the plug for 2 weeks I can see its certainly good enough to self sustain my phone and maybe another lower device. But I would not try more. 
Seat, for this one I went looking at brooks seats. Long known in the tourer scene for their comfy and durable leather seats. But I wanted something a little different as I was worried about the leather in the harsh environments. In comes the brooks canbrium, this is a vulcanised rubber seat which is slightly flexible but still hard enough to stop that awkward chaffing. Fingers crossed this is good enough.

_Tent_
Vango banshee 200 , I've had this tent since last year and I think it's a really good buy. It's a cramped 2 man tent, but for me its great. Weighing in at only 1.7kg, its on the light side also. The only down falls I would say is the limited porch space, poor headroom and thin ground sheet. For Â£100 , its great.

_Jacket_
Looking around at jackets there are plenty to choose from. I stayed away from the standard cycling jackets as I did not believe these would provide enough rain protection.Â 
I went down the active hiking route, these jackets are often lightweight and pretty breathable. As always berghaus came out the best value for money. I picked up a gortex active jacket for Â£115. It's great in terms of windproof and breathability, but I think I may see a few problems if I hit a down poor. Hopefully I won't be riding in that the of weather anyway.

_LifestrawÂ bottle_
I'm expecting that I will struggle to find water at the start of the trip, seen as there is 100km between towns and these probably don't have much to give. So the lifestraw should help out here, apparently drink from streams, rivers, muddy puddles, the lot! But I'll stick to the streams. It has a bit of a weird taste, but so does the water I'll be drinking from, so I won't let that worry me.

_109l ortlieb dry sac_
I bought this mainly to shove all my panniers in when travelling on the plane. I can then check in with only one bag, minimising the price. But as an added extra it can used as a ground mat and a food bag. It's big but it comes in handy. And only cost Â£26.

_Hip flask_
Currently unused. Cheapo Â£2 hip flask from Amazon. Maybe a mistake to take. We'll see. 

_Others_
Ask about any of the other stuff! I want this to be a dynamic post.
